DOC: Added exported colors to colors.api (#25574)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/colors_api.rst

   same_color
   get_named_colors_mapping
   make_norm_from_scale

Exported colors
---------------

The data used to populate the :doc:`/gallery/color/named_colors` are exposed

> as dictionaries that map color name to hex string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as dictionaries that map color names to hex strings.
```

   same_color
   get_named_colors_mapping
   make_norm_from_scale

Exported colors
---------------

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: I don't think this needs to be in a note, can can just be normal prose.

Maybe something like

>  The data used to populate the :ref:`named colors` are exposed as dictionaries that map color name to hex string

?

Author: Got it!
